This site is for avid readers, especially with a penchant for transgressive literature, and writers at any stage. There are writing prompts that were found to be particularly unique, tips for writers with tooling and getting motivated and inspired, tips on writing dealing with the major components of a novel (plot, subplot, theme(s), setting, mood, tone, voice, point of view, characterization-in depth, outlining, brainstorming, mindmapping, climactic events, anticlimax, resolution, backstory, etc.) Included are links to some of the best writers' groups, authors' pages/blogs, and overall literary-typed sites. I have links to software that can be your best friend as a tool when writing. There are also some links to free online short stories by well-known authors. Some recommended reading is listed especially and particularly those in love with transgressive literature. Palahniuk and Gaiman have the most short stories available to the public for free online, so (spoiler,) many of their works are found here. I wish Bret Easton Ellis wrote short stories, at least I don't know of any. I am working on providing a way for people to set up a profile, login, out, sign up, fetch forgotton passwords, and in particularly, be able to post their own creative writing samples or works on a blog or forum or something and have others be able to comment and give feedback. Then, I might need a reward system and linkage from peer-to-peer, and it may be too much of an endeavor for my first website, which this is, if you haven't already read that.
Unfortunately, there is no grace in the way I have written the index.html file thus far. All of the html, css, and javascript/jquery are on one document and not split into modules like they should be in good practice. I am working on that. Hopefully, my organization skills will improve for the public, but this is working well for me thus far. 
